As already mentioned CMAKE is not desigend to do the buid itself which can be used by real native build tool,hence you need to choose such
tool(s) and install it if needed.Option -G<generator-name> can be used to specify what type of generator will be run.if no such option present CMAKE will 
use default generator(e,g Unix Makefiees on *nix platforms).
TOOLS support cmake are:
    1. generator
    2. compiler



CMake states
3.1   configure step:  根据cmake本身程序，准备好缓存问及那CMakeCache.txt文件，里面包含编译器，连接器等一系列的tool的中间信息。
      On this step CMake will parse top level CMakeLists of source tree and create CMakeCache.txt file with cache variables.Differnt types of variables 
      will be described further in details.
      For CMAKE-GUI(就是windows上用的cmake软件） this step triggered by clicking on Configure button.For CMake command-line this step is combined
      with generate step so terms configure and generate will be used interchangeably.the end of this step expressed by Confifigure done message from CMake.
3.2   generate step: 
      on this step CMake will generate native build tool files using information from CMakeLists.txt and variables from CMakeCache.txt. For CMake-GUI this step 
      triggered by clicking on Generate button. For CMake command-line this step is combined with configure step.The end of this step expressed by 
      Generating done message from CMAKE.
      
      CMAKE listfiles
      There are several places where CMake code can live: 也就是说在Linux开发过程中，这里提到的CMake code就是指代的是两类文件，第一类是CMakelists.txt
      第二类是*.cmake.只有这两种格式。CMakelists.txt这个文件是在编译时候用的，*.cmake其实就是一个脚本文件，其实可以在任何时候使用，但是最常用的时候
      就是以findXXX.cmake和XXXconfig.cmake形式，作为脚本语言让CMakeLists.txt里面的command来确定文件位置和依赖关系的。
        1.CMakelists.txt listfiles loaded by add_subdirectory command will help you to ccreate source/binary tree.This is a skeleton of your project.
        2.*.cmake作为脚本语言，*.cmake modules help you to organize/reuse CMake code.
        3.CMake scripts can be executed by cmake -p and help you to solve problems in cross-platform fashion without relying on system specific
        tools like bash or without introducing external tool dependency like python.
